# Getting Started

*Add your first software to your CV!*

![Alt text](b.png)

Throughout the first course in Technical Design, you will become
familiar with technical drawing and Computer-Aided Design (CAD). In this
lesson, you will receive a brief introduction to technical drawing and
Norwegian standards. You will also be introduced to your very first CAD
software: AutoCAD. At the end of the lesson, you will learn how to
manage and organise AutoCAD files.

## Learning Outcomes

On successful completion of this lesson, the learner will be able to:

-   Understand what technical drawing is.

-   Download and install AutoCAD.

-   Understand what AutoCAD is used for.

-   Create an organised file management system optimised for sharing and
    backup.

## Technical Drawing

Technical drawing is a discipline where drawings are made to visually
communicate the design, functionality, and fabrication of products and
constructions.

#### *Activity*

#### TD-01-02-TechnicalDrawing02.png

The development and production processes in creating new products and
constructions require collaboration and teamwork. Technical drawings are
the universal language for communicating the intended design. To ensure
that the finished product consists of the intended design, the technical
drawings must be clear and unambiguous (not open for interpretation),
regardless of whether the product is complex or straightforward.

Several types of technical drawings communicate different design aspects
to different users. They are used by drafters, engineers, product
designers, architects, contractors, carpenters, electricians, plumbers,
mechanics, inventors, and so on. Technical drawings are generally used
for communication, production, documentation, and visualisation. To
ensure drawings are clearly communicated, they follow established
standards and norms that you will become deeply familiar with throughout
this course.

### *Guided Activity* 
Watch the video below to explore some simplified technical drawings from the architectural and mechanical fields with your teacher.

Video: TD-01-01-TechnicalDrawing.mp4 

#### *Activity*

Knowledge check: Summary - Technical Drawing

## Standards in Norway 

We find ourselves surrounded by standards in daily life, even though we
might not be aware of them. According to 'Standards Norway', a standard
is a common recipe for how something is to be done or implemented.
Standardisation is the process from need/idea to a fully developed
standard.

For further information, read:

-   [Standardisering](https://www.standard.no/standardisering/)

A basic example to consider is languages. Without a recipe for
interpreting a language, we would not be able to communicate with each
other. Standards in technical drawings serve one primary purpose: To
ensure everybody reading the drawing interprets it similarly. Only when
the drafter and the producer follow the same 'recipe' can the product be
made according to the drafter's specifications. Just as languages,
different countries follow different standards. Below is a list of some
of the standards used in technical drawings.

| **Abbreviation** | **Organisation**  | **Country** |
|----------|----------|----------|
| ANSI | American National Standards Institute | USA |
| BSI | British Standards Institution | UK |
| ISO | International Organisation for Standardisation | Europe |
| DIN | Deutsches Institut für Normung	 | Germany |
| NS | Standards Norway* | Norway |

\* The organisation is called Standards Norway, but the standards are
called **Norwegian Standards** *(Norsk Standard)*.

For a more comprehensive list of the different standardisation
organisations, read:

-   [International Organisation for Standardisation
    (ISO)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Organization_for_Standardization)

> Noroff is in Norway, so we follow the standards from Standards Norway
> in the programme. Mechanical and architectural industries are
> international, and companies operating across national borders must be
> familiar with some international standardisation organisations. Most
> importantly, many national standardisations comply with ISO, a global
> standardisation organisation.

![Alt text](c.png)

For example, Norway has standards named **NS-ISO**, indicating that the
Norwegian standard complies with **ISO**. One of the recommended
textbooks in your syllabus, '*Mechanical and Metal Trades Handbook'*,
refers to **DIN-ISO** standards. This is because the book is of German
origin and refers to German standards (*DIN*) that comply with **ISO**.
The compulsory textbook, '*Byggetegning'*, refers to international and
Norwegian standards.

To ensure the technical drawings you create comply with **NS**, the
lessons related to creating technical drawings are based on information
from the resources
[Maskintegning](https://www.nb.no/nbsok/nb/a87b334e6516c57437015d6f0a484359?index=6#0)
and
[Byggetegning](https://www.nb.no/nbsok/nb/69b6e3af337bfe2a3c4cdf96825c8a8d?lang=no#0),
which is part of Technical Design's reading list.

In addition to Norwegian Standards, the Norwegian governmental
construction and property company, Statsbygg, develops and maintains
guidelines and manuals for construction drawings, CAD and BIM that are
widely used in the Norwegian building industry.

#### Activity

Explore the table of contents in *'Maskintegning'* and *'Byggetegning'*.

## AutoCAD 

As an introduction to the world of technical drawing, you will learn
your first computer-aided design (CAD) software: AutoCAD!

![Alt text](a.png)

### 

### AutoCAD in the industry

AutoCAD is a comprehensive software used for 2D drawings and 3D
modelling, but it is mainly known for its 2D capabilities. It has long
been regarded as* *the industry standard for technical drawings in 2D.

With the introduction of 3D modelling, AutoCAD took a step back as the
industry standard. Examples of modern 3D software used for building and
construction modelling include Revit, ArchiCAD, Tekla, and DDS. Software
like Inventor, SolidWorks, PTC Creo, and Catia are commonly used for
product design.

Many companies currently use AutoCAD as secondary software in addition
to dedicated 3D software. Due to its former status as the industry
standard, you will most likely have to relate to it in some form
regardless of the industry sector you choose to work in after
graduating.

Within the architectural and mechanical industry, countless designs with
AutoCAD require regular updates and re-design. This means that even
though you might work in a company primarily focusing on other software,
you will sometimes work or collaborate with people using AutoCAD.

This module provides knowledge of AutoCAD's functionality and a
foundational understanding of technical documents. You will also learn
essential skills to produce your very own technical drawings in AutoCAD,
preparing you for the next level: Modelling and documentation in
dedicated 3D software. It is necessary to mention that this education
strongly focuses on 3D modelling. However, getting comfortable with 2D
before adding the third dimension is wise to ensure a proper
understanding of the foundations.

Students who have not yet downloaded and installed AutoCAD are asked to
do so now. Follow the instructions below to acquire AutoCAD.

-   [[Autodesk Student
    Programme]{.mark}](https://lms.noroff.no/mod/page/view.php?id=46413)

### AutoCAD file management

During the introduction week, you received an essential and thorough
presentation on personal file management, backup, and OneDrive. In this
module, you will handle CAD software for the first time, and it is
crucial to be organised from the beginning. Keep your personal file
management system structured and tidy throughout the Technical Drawing
module. This will save you many work hours and ensure no files gets lost
or corrupted.

#### Guided Activity

In the industry, offices will have their own system for naming, sorting,
storing, and backing up AutoCAD files. Watch the video demonstration
below to view our recommended file management system, tailored to fit
the Technical Drawing module.

<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/807418599" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

#### 
Set up your personal file management system for AutoCAD files, and ensure you have a proper backup system.

## Daily Task

### DT-01-01

-   Bookmark the following LinkedIn Learning course:

    -   [AutoCAD
        Essential](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/autocad-2022-essential-training/the-essentials-of-autocad?autoplay=true&u=43268076)
        Training

    -   This LinkedIn Learning course is recommended for self-study.

-   Get familiar with your books from the reading list; explore the
    Table of contents and introductions.
